Matt oh my god you're here with me ready
you guys ready you ready for Hellfest
what is a Hellfest dude it's so [ __ ]
dope is a traveling horror night has
four mazes in it and people totally lose
in there according to legend a girl was
killed here last year for real senator
I've got totally gutted Taylor left her
body in the park for three days I
thought she was pregnant crop it is time
for look at working for me baby look
more scared assume them where they gonna
come after me
you have to play it cool can't just
stick with it yeah it's like really
[ __ ] real in there
[Music]
is that guy following us it's just an
actor that's what everyone only
following us it's stalkerish
hello the guy that I was telling you
about was in there
[Music]